Okay, let's get into the high level.
I feel like I'm doing this for all of my sessions.
I don't know.
So high level, I'm trying to get your attention,
you gotta lock in, wake up.
You're here because you want to change the rest of your life.
You want to live life on your own terms.
And therefore, you have to focus.
This is the information you've been looking for
your whole life, your whole life.
You've known there's been something out there.
You've known that there's been information
that's just been hidden from you
that would change your life.
That if you knew this information, you could tap into it.
And it would change the rest of your life, expand your mind,
show you the secrets that they're hiding,
that they don't teach you in school.
This is it.
This is your chance.
This is your opportunity.
We're not leaving anything off the table.
Putting everything on, being extremely transparent
with everything, all of our systems at our own risk
that people are gonna, it's gonna make the space
more competitive, but we believe that all tides rise together.
So high level heuristics focus of pay per click ads.
So this basically applies for everything except Apple Search Ads.
And we're gonna have Apple Search Ads
we're gonna make its own section for
because it's very different than other platforms.
But this is for meta ads, Facebook ads, Instagram ads,
Snapchat ads, TikTok ads, I think like everything.
Google slightly, Google for the video ads,
but not I guess for everything else.
Well, some of these apply.
You'll know what applies and what doesn't.
So the high level heuristics.
In the past, you've wanted to be super hyper specific,
hand hold the algorithm.
These are the core, these are the target customers
I'm looking for.
This is a sample set of them.
Here's what they look like.
Now go find more.
You would make what's called a lookalike audience.
You would tell it, you would give some data
from your existing users and say,
"These are the people that have bought for me before,
go find more of them."
At this point, the algorithms are so good
that broad targeting is better.
Where you don't really give anything,
you just tell the algorithm,
this is what I'm optimizing for, now go.
And so that's something to keep in mind
throughout this whole thing,
is that you might hear a lot of buzzwords
from people online talking about retargeting campaigns
and which is basically,
there are all kinds of campaigns actually where,
there's a retargeting campaign where if someone saw an ad
but didn't convert, you show them another ad.
And there's a way in Facebook
where you could design a campaign specifically to be
for retargeting.
However, that's actually not the optimal strategy anymore.
This is all for most people, by the way,
before I continue, I just wanna preface that,
there are no fucking rules.
What works for anyone else might not work for you.
I'm showing you what generally works,
what's generally believed, the theories
and what I've seen in my personal experience,
what I've heard talking to other founders.
However, I know for every case proven something right,
I know a counter example where someone does the complete
opposite and it works for them.
So keep in mind, don't hold anything too tightly,
keep all this information close and loose,
be ready to adapt, be fluid.
So creative is greater than targeting tweaks.
This is essentially saying the videos
that you're creating is more important than telling Facebook.
This is a retargeting campaign video.
This video is to retarget viewers
that have seen a previous ad.
In the creative, if the video is saying something like,
hey guys, you've probably seen this ad all over social media
and blah, blah, and maybe you show a clip from it.
If you haven't purchased already,
I just wanted to announce there's a sale going on right now,
blah, blah, blah.
If it's actually good, Facebook
and all of these ad platforms will learn
very, very quickly that it works well for retargeting
and it will show, it will be used for that itself.
You don't need to do anything.
And so the algorithms are really taking a big load
off of everyone's shoulders at this point.
You don't need to do as much as you used to.
You just need to make very high quality creatives
and be very intentional about them and just test.
Creative is king.
The more videos you put out, we saw those examples
with Opel and with Bible Chat.
They're posting new videos every single day.
They're running new experiment ads every single day.
So, okay.
I'm gonna actually go into everything effects everything first.
Everything affects everything.
So just like if you have two creatives,
they might, one, might tee the user up like,
"Hey guys, check out this new soap.
"It lets you wash your body 10 times faster
"and keeps you clean 10 times longer than other soaps."
The person scrolls.
Then a different creative, different creative,
the algorithm realizes,
"Oh, this is actually really good for retargeting."
It's like, "Hey guys, we're on sale right now, 50% off."
And if you remove the first video,
it could totally destroy the second video's performance.
Because everything's working together.
The algorithm will learn,
okay, I'm gonna show this first video to the user
and then I'm gonna hit them with the second.
And so everything works together as a system.
And if you start turning certain ads off,
if you start editing the campaign,
you could destroy it.
And I'm not saying that as like,
I'm not saying that to scare you from adjusting things,
definitely be willing to adjust things.
But I say that to keep in mind,
if you change something that you think doesn't really matter,
but then your whole campaign just falls apart,
it's because everything affects everything.
Everything has an effect.
The algorithm is making sure
that all of these moving pieces move together.
The last high level, heuristic,
is to always optimize for the final conversion.
So you will be able to choose what to optimize for
on these platforms.
The options are usually traffic,
which just means getting people to download your app,
getting as many people as possible to download.
Well, actually traffic is more just getting people
to see your app page.
And there's installs,
getting people to download your app.
And then there is event.
Then it's event based,
where you could choose an event
that you've programmed in your app
to send a signal back to the ad platform,
saying this event was triggered.
And that's what you want to do.
You want to make an event in your app
for when someone purchases or starts a trial,
something that you can directly measure.
First of all, within the next 24 hours,
and this is something to do with Apple's privacy rules,
which we'll get into.
But mostly,
because we want to train the algorithm
to only find people that are going to buy.
If we optimize for installs,
then the ad platform will think,
okay, I'm going to get this app
as many fucking installs as possible.
I don't care if they spend money.
I don't care if they're low quality users.
I just want to find people that go download apps,
people that like to try different apps.
So they go,
target those people,
they'll go download,
you'll get a ton of installs.
But they probably won't spend money.
They might,
but they are less likely to spend money
than if you target for the purchase event.
Usually when you do target for a purchase event,
you'll see that the cost per download spikes up.
However,
the chance that they purchase is also extremely high.
Because meta is finding people that they think will convert.
They're not finding people that they think will download.
They're finding people that they think will download.
They're not finding people that they think will like the app.
They're not finding people that are going to press a specific button.
They're finding people exclusively
that they think will click the fucking checkout button
and pay with their face ID.
That's all they're optimizing for.
And they don't,
they block out everything else, zone it out.
Keep these in mind
as we move into the next sections.
And probably you probably actually want to watch this twice.
This is going to be the most important section
for all of paid ads.
If you understand this,
then you're basically ready.
You're, I wouldn't say you're ready,
but you're 80% of the way ready
to actually just hiring someone.
You want to understand the platform first,
but these are the principles
that you need to keep in mind
and make sure that if you wanted to hire someone to run ads,
they understand these as well.
Moving on.
[ Silence ]